
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Asia High Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant minds will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Jaktap from ENY Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you sir. In case anyone does not have the copy of Investor Presentation or press release, please do write to us and we will be happy to share them with you. To take us through the results today, we have the management of the company represented by Pratik Nath Lalvan, Chairman and Managing Director, Gautam Jain, Old Time Director and Pavan Kumar Chief Financial Officer. Pratik Nath will start the call with the free overview of the company. And business update, which will be then followed by Pavan, who will take us through the financial performance for the quarter. And then we will open the floor for QNS. As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is mentioned in this call, which reflects any outlook for the future or which can be considered as a forward-looking statements must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. And uncertainties are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospect of five-way, three-way and subsequent annual reports that you can find on our website. Having said that, I will now hand over the call to pregnancy over to you sir. So please go ahead. Thanks Pratik. Good day, everyone. And thank you for joining us today for the Q1 F y 27 on this call. I hope all of you have had the opportunity to review our financial results and presentation. So let me quickly discuss the business highlights for the first quarter of F y 27. Post that, Pavan will take you through the financial update. We are pleased to report a strong start to F y 27 with a superb revenue growth of 21.1 percent on F y y basis, reflecting the strength of a diversified business model, and consume execution of our strategic priorities. While the water witnessed some operational gross margins from the material of osmics due to rising geopolitical issues, however, decision execution and operating efficiencies enables us to deliver growth in a bit and maintain healthy margins. We remain focused on driving sustainable growth, improving the quality of earnings, and building a resilient future ready business. Bring the quarter, we witnessed healthy demand across our key business verticals, supported by deeper customer engagement, increasing adoption of our technology solutions, and strong momentum in our non-payment businesses. Communication and fulfilment and high resolutions deliver encouraging performance, further strengthening our revenue mix, and reinforcing the benefits of our diversification strategy. We continue to invest in innovation, automation and technology capabilities that will support long-term growth across our businesses. We would like to update that our market and manual facilities are still under construction. We expect the manual facility to be operational, but at the end of the calendar year after the necessary regulatory approvals. In this quarter, we want to multi-attenders from leading PhD banks, which represents approximately INR 73 in revenue over the tender payer. In terms of business segment update, our payment solutions contributed 42% to total revenue in QUI F5/27, and so on nominal growth of 5% on YUI basis. We continue to see healthy demand and deeper customer engagement. Our strong relationships and proven execution capabilities continue to support business momentum. Our premium metallure business continues to gain strong traction and maintain an important growth driver within the payment solution segment. We are witnessing increasing adoption from banks and contact partners as an institution seek to enhance customer engagement and differentiate their premium offerings. This category not only offers us superior margins, but also standard positions in the high value card issues market. We continue to expand our manufacturing capabilities to make the demand for our metal cards. With a capacity expansion underway, our company, we are well positioned to support both domestic and international opportunities in this space. We have also seen encouraging traction from global markets, particularly in Europe and Africa, which provides an additional avenue for growth going forward. Communication and performance solutions contributed 40% to total revenue in QUI F5/27, and with the growth of 13% on YUI basis. Our communication and performance solutions change performance backed by recurring requirements from BFSI, enterprise and government customers. As in enterprises continue to invest in digitalization, automation, cloud-lit communication infrastructure, and secure customer engagement platforms. We see strong elements for our solutions. This technique continues to provide stability to our overall business and supports our objective of building a more balanced revenue mix. Out of these solutions contributed 18% to total revenue in QUI F5/27, and with the growth of 145% on YUI basis. Our out of these solutions business remain the key growth driver during this quarter. Whether our out of the business, our variety continues to emerge as a significant long term opportunity. Enterprises across retail, logistics, pharmaceuticals, food supply chains and manufacturing are increasingly contributing and automation solutions to improve visibility, compliance, and operational efficiency. We believe the market is still in the early series of adoption and offers substantial net room for growth. Our strategy remains focused on going beyond stand-on-r operatic acts, plus providing integrated into interesting solutions that combine hardware, software, data intelligence, and supply chain orchestration capabilities. This differential approach allows us to create digital value for customers while improving the quality of our revenue mix. We are particularly explaining about the opportunities in the pharmaceutical stability, where regulatory requirements, product authentication needs, and supply chain visibility are driving industry-wide investments. We have continued to make progress through customer engagement, pilot projects, and infrastructure readiness, positioning answers well to capitalize on the system. We are strengthening engagement with telecom operators and expanding our presence in the digital connectivity ecosystem. Because unique certifications stack, sector-personalizing capabilities, and integrated e-simplex form, we are really positioned to capitalize on the growing adoption of e-simptemology and enterprise-ioptimations in the years ahead. This rising demand for real-time cracking, inventory visibility, upside monitoring, technology led operational efficiency. We believe our IoT portfolio is well placed to scale further over the coming years. As of now, we operate in a challenging environment impacted by geopolitical uncertainties, currency fluctuation, and cost pressures. While these factors may create some near-term headwinds, we are actively working with customers on priced wishes and taking steps to protect margins and maintain healthy profitability. At the same time, manual remains focused on spending the opportunity to diversify sourcing and strategic inventory management, helping us respond effectively to changing market conditions and ensure business continuity. Importantly, our business fundamental remains strong. We have built deep relationship with customers, suppliers, and partners over the years, which help us navigate short-term challenges and position as well for future growth as global conditions improve. We continue to see healthy demand across our key levels supported by strong customer engagement and a solid pipeline. Looking ahead, given the nature of our business, we expect S527 to be stronger driven by seasonal pick-up infrastructure demand and spending momentum in the communication of procurement businesses and continue growth in the IoT segment. These factors, along with our decision execution, give us confidence in our outlook for the rest of the year. We will start the year which healthy performance across all three verticals. While global uncertainties remain, we are confident in the strength of our diversified dynamics, reckon business-based, strong customer relationships, and focus on future-related technologies. These trends support our medium-term target of delivering revenue growth of 8% to 12%. We remain committed to creating long-term value for all our stakeholders while continuing the growth of opportunities that will drive the next phase of our journey. Thank you for your continued trust and support. We look forward to updating your progress in the coming quarters. With that, I will now request power to take you to the financial operational highlights for the quarter. Over to you, Paul. Thank you, Premier. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q1 F527 earnings call. Let me start with a quick summary of our performance for the quarters one by. In Q1 F527, our revenue from operations stood at Rs 377 up 21.1% via Y and down 6.9% QOQ. While revenue shows healthy year-on-year growth, it moderated sequentially versus Q4 F526. Historically, Q4 is a strongest quarter in terms of revenue. This moderation has to be seen from that perspective. The C8.34%, which is about 111 bits higher, then the average 54.23 CUNC cost of material consumed for the full financial year F526. Traditionally, H1 revenues are lower than H2 revenues and hence higher costs show in H1. Due to the product things and operating leverage, CLC would be lower than H2 as played out in Q4 of last financial year as well. A bita for the quarter came in at 94 crores with an A bita margin of 25.1% and increase of 135 bits via Y. Despite the pressure on gross margin, discipline management of employee and other operating costs supported profitability. Profit before tax increased by 48.8% via Y to 82 crores supported by operating growth financial reduction in the finance cost. Our tax for the quarter stood at 60 crores, registering the growth of 63.8% via Y with margin at 16% up 418 bits via Y. In terms of revenue mix across the core verticals, payment solutions continue to be the largest vertical, which contributed 42% of the revenue, followed by communication and fulfillment at 40% and IoT solutions at 18% in Q1 and F527. The top 10 customers contributed almost 56% of our revenues and more than 95% of our revenues came from existing clients, showcasing the stickiness of client relationships and strong renewal and repeat business characteristics of our business model. On the balance sheet and cash flow front, we remained well capitalized. As of 30th June 2026, we had cash and cash equivalent of 5369 crores. With respect to the IPO proceeds, utilization remains in line with the stated objects of the issue. During Q1, a total of 24.4 crores were deployed primarily towards capital of 6.7 crores, GCP of 13.7 crores and issue expenses of 3.9 crores. Overall, Q1 and F527 marked the strong start to be here, reflecting the strength of a diversified business and disciplined execution. As we continue to invest in growth and technology, our healthy margins, strong balance sheet and diversified revenue streams provide a solid platform to support the next phase of our growth journey. Thank you once again for joining us. With this, I hand it back to the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A session. If you wish to remove yourself from the question Q, you may press star and two. But as I've been sorry, I requested to use hand sets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question Q assembles. Please go ahead. Thank you. Please do not visit our control. What we commit to do is be transparent on how these factors which are affecting a margin's cloud and share that with you. We can view the building blocks of the input parameters which can help you build your own view and build also the quantible on those building blocks are actually giving specific margin numbers at this point. Okay, so can you please share how many things we go out so far? How many things? You mean to say, SIM, SIM? Yes, sir. You mean the SIM card issue? Yes, yes. Yes, so we've been working with the large telecom operator for the last four to five months. And also we probably are right now doing close to 20% of their requirement of the P and post page SIMs that they require. You know, it is the third largest telecom operator in the country. They are getting to 22% of their requirement of the SIMs. I have a couple of questions for you. First of all, like our gross margin has been down sharply both on QQ and Y1 basis. So I wanted to know like how much of this impact is due to negative operating leverage which would be recovered in the later stage. And how much impact would be due to pricing and repeat appreciation. And further can be passed on this cause to the customer. Also, what would be the expected gross margin for the full financial aid to 2020. My second question would be like what would be the broad capacity utilization in each of the segments and what are your plans for new capacity additions in the segments. And overall if you can provide a insight over overall capital expenditure that would be spent in this financial year. Thanks for it. So basically on the on the gross margin part, as you know, H2 of the year normally traditionally for us is always better than H1. So typically there two things play out for us very fairly. One is the nature of the product mix that constitutes the Q2 revenue and also the operating leverage that plays out. Now, right now the probably the input cost that an impacted our cost of goods sold here in the first quarter is predominantly the entire water-related impact. Now this has got probably two or threefold impact. One is obviously the direct impact on the currency. And then there is an impact which is the outcome of the war in terms of the commodity pricing and the logistics and the freight cost. So to our mind may be 40% of the impact, 40% of the impact is directly attributable to currency. And the remaining probably is due to the direct impact of the war on the input cost. To answer the question regarding how the operating leverage would play out, probably you can actually look at our last year's number of Q1 versus Q4. So as you see, every quarter last year as we progressed and the use of improved water and quarter, the operating leverage has played out wherein our gross margin, the better margins have improved. So we see no reason why all of the things being equal, as you know the macroeconomic situation is not in our control, but assuming that things don't get worse from here on, I think the operating leverage definitely should plain as you go on and quarter by quarter and we have written numbers coming in. Second question of you also about capacity utilization. So capacity utilization typically for us in our business currently is around 65% to 70%. Having spread red, this also has a cyclical nature to it. So typically when customers have higher renewable cycle demands or there are month and loads of customers, we also reach about 85 to 90% of our capacity utilization. For an average, we tend to be in the 60% to 70% range. On the capacity addition front, as we shared earlier, we are setting up a completely new green field facility for metal cards in Bangalore, which we see is almost in the really state. Now we will be getting into this certification on the compliance process and we feel by Q4 we should be into that process. And on the capital expenditure side, we are on plan to use our idea proceeds as per the most stated objectives therein. And we probably will be maintaining the range as we had said earlier about 140, 160 crores per year of capital expense, even this financial year. Just to say that we see this, this opportunity for us to reinforce our position in all the three verticals. So we continue to invest strongly in and use this opportunity to define our capacities being ready for the times to come in the following years to take growth. So investments are as on plan, as per plan. Okay, we got it. And further can you please tell like what will be a gross margin percentage? For the full financial year, if I am considering the financial year as a whole. In our operating leverage is also the product list typically at that point, that part of the year has better margins for us compared to the H1, which will again aid to us for the improve margin now. Assuming that the microeconomics situation does not change. We see no reason for any dramatic change in the margin numbers that we are having at this point in time. I think I will think probably the operating leverage and the product mixture will help us improve the margins from here on. Okay, and also can you give some insights about the order book and any future growth in order book like order book will be growing at which it is in future. So I mean just one, I mean right now we have a study order pipeline and basis which we have given our our guidance for the year. Okay, and as you know our businesses, you know is essentially back to back with the demand people to us for the customer. So right now basis
 and overall if you can provide a inside over overall capital expenditure that would be spent in this financial year. and also the operating leverage that plays out. Now right now the probably the input cost that an impacted cost of goods sold here in the first quarter is predominantly the entire water-related impact. Now this has got probably two or threefold impact, one is obviously the direct impact on the currency and then there is an impact which is the outcome of the war in terms of the commodity pricing and the logistic on the freight cost. So to our mind maybe 40% of the impact, 40% of the impact is directly attributable to currency and the remaining probably due to the direct impact of the war on the input cost. Now to answer the question regarding how the operating leverage would pay out probably you can actually look at our last year's number of Q1 versus Q4. So as you see every quarter last year as we progressed and the views have improved, the operating leverages played out wherein our gross margins, the better margins have improved. So we see no reason why all of the things being equal as you know the macroeconomic situation is not in our control but assuming that things don't get worse from here on, I think the operating leverage definition will plain as you go on a quarter by quarter and we have written numbers coming in. Second question of your work was about capacity utilization. So kabashi will addition typically for us in our business currently is around 65 to 70%. Having spread red, this also has a cyclical nature to it. So typically when customers have higher renewable cycle demands or there are mountain loads of customers, we also reach about 85 to 90% of our capacity utilization. For an average we tend to be in the 60% to 70% range. On the capacity addition front, as we shared earlier, we are setting up a completely new green field facility for metal cards in Bangalore, which we see is almost in the really state. Now we will be getting into this certification on the compliance process and we feel by Q4 we should be into that process. And on the capital expenditure side, we are on plan to use our IPO proceeds as per the most stated objectives there. And we probably will be maintaining the range as we had said earlier about 140, 160 crores per year of capital expense even this financial year. Just to say that we see this opportunity for us to reinforce our position in all the three verticals, so we continue to invest strongly and use this opportunity to declare capacities being ready for the times to come in the following years to take growth. So investments are as on plan, as per plan. So essentially, as we said earlier, that as a matter of practice, we do not put out specific margin figures here. What we are happy to give is the drivers rather than the actual outcome as I said earlier. So from here on we see the H2 as I said is going to be better than H1. That is going to definitely go to help us. In our updating leverage is also the product list typically at that point that part of the year has better margins for us compared to the H1 which will again aid to us for the improving margin now. Assuming that the microeconomics situation does not change. We see no reason for any dramatic change in the margin numbers that we are having at this point in time. I think I will think probably the operating leverage and the product mixture will help us improve the margins from here on. Okay, and also can you give some insights about the order look and any future growth in order look like order look would be growing at which rate in future. So I mean just one, I mean right now we have a steady order pipeline in basis which we have given our guidance for the year. And as you know our businesses is essentially back to back with the demand people to us for the customer. So right now, you know that we are you know the guidance is what we are given basis that okay and as I mean we receive something further in the coming quarters we shall share with you from time to time. Okay, okay, thank you so much for the opportunity. Thank you very much. As I have explained before Massagee that you know the Q1 numbers typically if you see is an outcome of obviously the inputs I am talking about the absolute margin and also you know the operational leverage that we get and the product mix that we have. So other things being equal what we feel is that as the as the quarters go by and more of operating leverage and the product mix no place out as per what visibility we have now okay. We feel the there should be a margin improvement as we go along but we do not change dramatic change also in the margin from where we are here. The current macroeconomic situation you know is very, very uncertain but assuming that you know nothing under what happens on the macroeconomic front we feel that you know the margin should definitely have a positive bias as we go along. So and the solution being single largest vertical and how do you post these changes in this segment on a macro level whereas the UPI is gaining traction. Do you think that your cards business would be affected because of this? In fact, it is a good question. See the UPI play out on the card consumption is something which has been which has been to our mind already played out in the past few years okay and we also feel strongly that UPI does not directly impact card issuance is right. See we have an organizational more concerned about card issuance is rather than the number of transactions happening on a card right. So typically here especially on the credit card side you know the credit cards I have the resources benefits for the issues by the issues and you know it could be some discount offered you to an alliance partner or to be some scheme that is running on the card which obviously UPI will not offer. So I am saying from that perspective on the credit card side it has its own lobby value proposition on the debit card side again customers tend to always keep a card in addition to the UPI translation that they do. Now what we need to see going forward as we were seeing in the media that there is only MDR we is going to be applied on UPI government is contemplating of transactional amounts of certain threshold to be charged with MDR right. Now right now the users have been very used to absolute zero charge on UPI as time goes well. So probably MDR being charged on UPI could be another factor of issue in fact even probably completely obliterated the difference between the UPI and the card because if MDR is available on both. So you feel that that that part of UPI versus card has played out and the cards will remain stable going forward. Yes saturation level is almost hit the ceiling right. If you see the UPI at transaction are going up but probably the UPI user base okay. It is not really going up as much as it was going up in the earlier years okay. It's almost it's reached each to close to saturation level. So that also undermines our position that you know the UPI impact has kind of played out also. One more teacher to tell you so that the payment solution business for us right is also not just coming from the card issues. I think the value proposition here in terms of two of the things like one how is it that with Gen Z and the wealth segment in our country going up how is it that we also cater to the niche the emotional species customers want which have definitely higher ASPs. Customers wanting the sustainability around the cards we issued today how is it be bringing sustainable card solutions to every organization as is going environment and sustainability objectives. And obviously there is a metal guard aspect to it right which which for which we are investing heavily into our infrastructure and capacity. So we look at a payment solution level you build up as both a volume driven growth and a value driven growth for the existing volume right. So this is how we kind of look at it is also you know we begin just very nascent stages now of exports of our cards from here to Africa and Europe. And we also like to see our time goes by in a premium product of the leverage the India manufacturing advantage to further you know probably use this channel for you know fueling a growth. So if I if I may just say the decision as an organization if you see we we've been typically focused on to see things as well maybe I have repeated this here also as a one trust for any business that we enter into right we try to get the businesses which require you know behind technology with with with with the compliance mode or or or or technology mode which requires a typically a physical product to be delivered which can scale along with time and and which which which probably is on on a decentralized basis. So I mean on a payment a payment aggregator solutions etc. I would say this space is already having players in that space and you we have ample opportunity in the current offerings that we have within the payment ecosystem itself as time goes by you will share details with the investing structure. But we have lot of interesting adjacencies in the current product offerings that we have itself which are you know immense need for customers. So energy is an our focus on R&D is right now on logical adjacencies you know where we do not have to invest too much into additional infrastructure you know where we can probably leverage on the current infrastructure and current resources to build up the adjacencies. The next question comes from the 9 of British from lucky investments please go ahead. We see them and on a fine time you know at what pace should be business is gross. So see as you said last year our IoT certainly we have long at around what you have the same year on year okay. So this shall also be expected to grow at a similar nature probably in the following year with the base being higher okay. We haven't you know really given a growth in the following year. So I think that you can again in the range of you know 35 to 40 percent on the following year. So between financial year 2627 to 2728 sorry 2527 and 28 yeah we begin. So we expect the great the IoT business growth I sorry has been at 45 percent in the previous year it will be in the 45 percent this year as well okay. And the charge will see the communication for business we expect that to be remained in the flattest range for you know for the coming years the payment solution business is the growth I was. So we fact now was there for 10 to 10 percent. There is about 10 to 12 percent growth that we factored in the payment solution business. We expect the IoT business to grow last year we grew close to 45 we expect you know a similar percentage growth on IoT business. Communication and fulfillment we expect that to be more or less flat with we achieve almost close to 30 percent growth last year. Payment solutions we expect a decent growth over this year and next year maybe as we go along we need to see how the product meets in that evolves and other opportunities overall internally we have about a plan of close to about 10 CAGS is what we you know as we are indicated in earlier. Okay. And chronology of margins sorry for next one let's change the chronology of margin in the three businesses where should the the IoT business typically we we we not separately given our margins per say across the three verticals there are multiple address entries in common cause across the three verticals. So we have our blended a bit which we you know done close to about 25 percent this quarter more or less the businesses are in that range only payment solutions is payment solutions and IoT are more or less the same communication fulfillment is slightly lower. Thank you very much. Yes. Participants please press star and want to ask a question. The next question comes from the line of question. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And another question I had was on the insurance client that we have we seem to have several high range to come from this client. So I just want to understand are those clients up sorry tendering or have they moved to another player. What's your question please come again. Sorry ask for this slide. The thing is a number of insurance company that you are serving is down from let's say 13 to 10 light insurance company this quarter and some nine the customers that you know typically have turned out in insurance are customers who were doing very nominal business with us you know almost zero they gone completely digital and there's you know properties where is less business that we were doing with them over these years. So one of the cases that you know we you know none of these testing customers have gone in for a return there. So we've not lost any business the customers who kind of transition had very nominal business it has over you know last few years anyway. Okay. The next question comes from the mine of Siddharth Dara with SN Dara and company please go ahead. So now when you're telling me that the IoT business is to grow at that rate of 45% are we signaling any slowdown in the business in the common quarters? No basically if you see last year our Q3 and Q4 on the IoT business is very strong so there's no score on the growth remains intact so you know typically we probably are probably in in a way in looking at almost doubling the number of what we were last year. Okay. So the the growth typically is going to be there. It's just that the first quarter last year for IoT first and second quarter was tightly weak so the growth looks slightly more exaggerated but the growth structure remains in as per plan and we should be able to probably have I have to still contribute to those who 15 to 18% of our revenue at the end of the year. Okay. That was the only question and thank you. The next question comes from the line of D.R. Jane with Sophia capital. Please. Any targets? I think we too early first to do that you know but all I can say is we're hoping it contributes something even this year but we'll certainly start contributing next year almost. Okay. So thank you. So I think the chip prices probably have more or less from whatever that you've procured in in the in the first quarter first and the quarter of this year has remained kind of plateau okay. So there's no drastic change in the chip pricing just that the dollar impact on the chip pricing machine pricing is always in in USD. So the dollar impact on chip pricing plays out basically. The dollar impact and okay. Okay. I'm going ahead. You don't see. I'm not really increasing. I mean, I'm sure you had some inventory and that is why the chip pricing must be lower for you. For the current price will be the market could be a lot higher. No, if you see I mean that's the certificate by working capital days also the strategy that we adopted was the last couple of quarters of the stream fees are inventory holding off of chips. So that allows us to basically get better pricing because of the in inventory holding at the pricing and also as of now we don't have any we have I mean a port by aspect probably sometime an extra things you know could be different. We don't have very good indications but right now for us the lead times the banner from from the suppliers. We haven't yet seen the
 of the cases that you know we you know none of these specific customers have gone in for a re-drained death. So, we have not lost any business. The customers who kind of transitioned had very nominal business details over you know last few years anyway. The next question comes from the mind of Siddhartha Dara with S.N. Dara and company. Please go ahead. So, now when you are telling me that the IoT business is to grow at the rate of 45% are we signaling any slowdown in the business in the common quarters? You know probably you know in a way in looking at almost doubling the number of what we were last year. So, the the growth typically is going to be there. It's just that the first quarter last year for IoT, first and second quarter was slightly weak. So, the growth looks slightly more exaggerated. But the growth structure remains in as per plan and we should be able to probably have I have to still contribute to growth to 15 to 18% of our revenue at the end of the year. Okay, that was the only question. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of D.R. J.N. with Sophia capital. Please. Any targets? I think we too early first to do that. You know, but all I can say is we're hoping it contributes something even this year. But certainly it is start contributing next year almost. Okay, so thank you. I reminded to all participants you may press star and want to ask a question. The next question comes from the line of Polkit single with Talmas the next question. I think we have the inventory. Correct. So, I think the chip prices probably have more or less from whatever that you've procured in in the first quarter, first kind of quarter of this year is remain kind of plateau. Okay. So, there's no drastic change in the chip pricing. It's just that the dollar impact on the chip pricing machine pricing is always in USD. So, the dollar impact on chip pricing plays out basically. The dollar impact end of. Okay. I'm going here. You don't see. I'm actually increasing. I mean, I'm sure you had some inventory and that is why the chip pricing must be lower for you. But the current price will be the market could be a lot higher. No, if you see, I mean, that's the certificate by working capital days also. The strategy that we adopted was the last couple of quarters of the stream fees are inventory holding off of chips. So that allows us to basically get better pricing because of the inventory holding and the pricing. And also, as of now, we don't have any, we have, I mean, a port by aspect probably sometime an extra, you know, could be different. We don't have very good indications, but right now for us, the lead times the banner from the suppliers. We haven't yet seen the pricing tackling out. We're watching the situation very closely. And, you know, as we get indications of any upward price division, then we'll have to take appropriate action in terms of managing our supply chain and also engaging with our customers appropriately. Thank you. A reminder to one participant, you may press star and one to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. And ensure that the meaningful terms to our stakeholders. And it was lovely interacting with all of you. Thank you once again to join the board today. Thank you all for joining us today. It was lovely interacting with you. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Asia High Technologies, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.